adds Definition of Done (#151)
project-leek/project-leek: docs/Definition-of-Done.md

# Definition of Done

## Issues

An issue is finished successfully when:
- all of the issue's contents are solved

> - the changes are pushed to its branch (created when assigning yourself)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- the changes are pushed to its branch (automated on first issue assignment)
```

> - the changes are pushed to its branch (automated on first issue assignment)

Author: ```suggestion
- the changes are pushed to its branch (automated on first issue assignment)
- the changes are documented sufficiently
```

- a pull request to master is opened and successfully closed:
 - all PR-checks successful (build, linting, test, type-check)

>  - the changes have been reviewed and approved by two reviewers

Reviewer: maybe this is better?
```suggestion
 - the changes have been reviewed and approved by atleast two reviewers
```

Author: yes 😄

 - all open conversations have been resolved

> Only then can the issue be closed (can be done via PR).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The issue can be closed with a PR after completing all steps above.
```

## Milestones

> A milestone was finished successfully when:

Reviewer: you are using past tense here, and then present in the points afterwards

```suggestion
A milestone is finished successfully when:
```

> A milestone is finished successfully when:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If following points apply, a milestone can be treated as done:
```
